DOCS 6027 - Added Naming Rules for Variables section. Added list of reserved words. (#873)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-language-introduction.adoc

second double-quote is part of the string that starts with an `a` and ends
with `f`.
* `'` For a string that is surrounded by single quotes, you need to escape any

> single quote that is part of the string, for example, `+'abcd\'e"f'+`. Here, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
single quote that is part of the string: for example, `+'abcd\'e"f'+`. In this example, the
```

second single quote is part of the string that starts with an `a` and ends
with `f`. Notice that you do not need to escape the double quote in this case.
* `\``: For a string that is surrounded by backticks (supported in DataWeave

> 2.0), you need to escape any backtick that is part of the string, for example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.0), you must escape any backtick that is part of the string: for example,
```

``abc\`def``.
* `\`: Because the backslash is the character you use to escape other special
characters, you need to escape it with a separate backslash to use it in
a string, for example,`\\`.
* `\n`: For inserting a new line.
* `\t`: For inserting a tab.
* `\u`: For inserting a unicode character, such as `\u25c4`.

[[valid-identifiers]]
== Rules for Declaring Valid Identifiers

To declare a valid identifier, its name must meet the following requirements:

> * It must begin with a letter of the alphabet (a-Z).

Reviewer: Does it matter if the letter is lowercase or capitalized? If not, consider (a-z or A-Z); otherwise, be specific.

> * After the first letter, it can contain any combination of letters, numbers and underscores (`_`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After the first letter, the name can contain any combination of letters, numbers, and underscores (`_`).
```

> * Cannot match any DataWeave reserved keyword (see <<reserved-keywords>> for a complete list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The name cannot match any DataWeave reserved keyword (see <<reserved-keywords>> for a complete list).
```

> Below are some examples of valid identifiers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following are some examples of valid identifiers:
```
or
```suggestion
Here are some examples of valid identifiers:
```

* `myType`
* `abc123`
* `a1_3BC_22`
* `Z_______4`
* `F`

The following table provides examples of invalid identifiers and a description of what makes them invalid:

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===
| Identifier | Issue
| `123456` | Cannot start with a number.
| `value$` | Cannot contain special characters.
| `_number` | Cannot start with an underscore.
| `type` | Cannot be a reserved keyword.
|===

[[reserved-keywords]]
=== Reserved Keywords

Valid identifiers cannot match any of the reserved DataWeave keywords:

> 

Reviewer: Is there a particular order to this list? If so, specify; if not, I suggest that we alphabetize it.
